What's all this?
I'm just trying to earn my keep.
Think you already did that.
Come here. beautiful.
Let's go.
Hang on. Tor. I made you a plate.
Don't call me Tor. Nicky.
- Hey.
- My bad.
Tori.
But look. you're an athlete. You need
to up your protein to build more muscle.
8 grams per pound.
This right here is the
breakfast of champions.
That's not breakfast.
It's a metaphor.
Phil. I understand the overages. okay.
But how the fuck is landscaping
costing me another 60 grand?
Your wife asked us to level
the back and add some trees.
- It'll give you lots of shade.
- Grace.
- Grace!
- Kind of busy here. babe.
Can we cancel the trees?
- Hey. Phil!
- Truck's already here.
- Phil.
- Yeah?
- They need you on the rig.
Hey. you know there's a
ton of trees out there. right?
Yeah. they'll give us a lot of shade.
Hey. About these trees...
Yeah. we need the shade.
- But do we?
- Sorry. we're running late.
- Okay. Have a great day.
- Bye. I... bye. girls. Bye.
- Come on. Let's go.
- Bye.
- Hey. Coop.
- Hey. Bye.
You walk or drive?
I walked. You told me to walk.
Right. We're taking my car.
Come on.
Okay.
Jesus. Barney. Is that the spectre?
Special edition. All electric.
Grace bought it for me a few weeks ago.
A birthday gift.
- Well. that was nice of her.
- No.
It's brinksmanship.
See. I can't come down
on her about her spending
if I'm driving a fucking rolls.
Come on. You love it.
It is a hell of a car.
It is so choice.
I'm driving.
Sure.
What the fuck?
So where are we going anyway?
We are going to see a lawyer.
Barney. I can't sue Bailey Russell.
They'll squash me like a bug.
I'm sorry. I should have been more clear.
We are going to see Rick massiello.
You got an appointment with massey?
How'd you get an appointment with massey?
It doesn't matter.
Point is. as soon as Bailey
hears his name. they'll settle.
The last thing Jack wants
is massey putting on a big
show and rattling his investors.
He will be expensive.
Well. he'll do it on contingency.
- He told you that?
- Not as such. but you'll convince him.
- He's gonna take half.
- Probably.
But that other half is a lot
more than you have now.
You have bills to pay. my
friend. Starting with mine.
Nick brandes.
Nick! Hey.
What's good. Barney?
Just checking in on
that "refi" for the gym.
Dobbs is saying we can
fund the next two locations
without liquidating any
of my market positions.
Yeah. Hey. sorry. Nick.
I'm in the car with Coop.
- I'm on speaker?
- Yeah.
Hey. What's up. Coop?
You guys know the women have
that self-defense thing tonight?
- Is that tonight?
- That's what I'm told.
We're all bachelors tonight. fellas.
So I'm gonna get some meat and
booze and have everyone over to hang.
- You guys in?
- Sounds good.
Yes. sir. What about you. Coop?
Hard pass. Nick.
Yeah. Well. the invitation
stands if you change your mind.
Yeah. I won't. But thanks.
Well. I'm gonna hang up
before this gets awkward.
- See you tonight. Nick.
- All right. Barney.
Hit me back about the "refi."
- What?
- What happened to team Coop?
You told me there are no teams.
But if there were. obviously I'm on yours.
- Fuck Nick.
- But you'll go over to his house.
The man throws a good party.
You should go.
You shouldn't.
Well. as of a few days ago
Nick is my biggest client.
so my hands are tied.
Wow.
Shame if something
happened to this car.
Do not even joke about that.
You can't win.
I just gotta say that up front.
You're a smart guy. Coop. You know
you can't go the distance with these guys.
Well. thanks for your time.
Good news is you don't have to win.
You just gotta get
past summary judgment
at which point Bailey
will start making offers.
Then it becomes a negotiation.
And I'm a great fucking negotiator.
Will you do it on contingency?
No.
I gotta charge you full
freight on this one. pal.
Retainer's 200k. This could take a while.
What's a while? Three
months? Six months?
Two. three years.
- Jesus.
- Yeah. Southern district.
It is what it is.
Sure you got the money for this fight?
He does.
All right. Look. I gotta get back to court.
Enjoy your coffee. On me?
So you're taking the case?
Well. I'm gonna mull it over.
Check the schedule.
I'll be in touch. okay?
- Two to three years?
- He's managing expectations.
I can't afford him.
Look. pay the retainer and just
watch the dominoes start to fall.
You are being
uncharacteristically optimistic.
You've seen what's
happening at my house.
Optimism is the only option.
Come on.
Let's go get some real coffee.
You're buying.
You got carpet moths.
- Carpet moths?
- Yeah.
They lay their eggs in your rugs.
I found larvae in pretty
much every room here.
Jesus.
It's a good thing you
called me when you did
otherwise you'd have colonies here.
- Can you get rid of them?
- Yeah.
It'll take a few treatments.
maybe three over the next month.
It'll cost you $9.000.
- $9000?
- Yeah.
Ten-five if you wanna go
with the nontoxic chemicals.
And I'll have to take that wall
in the back of your closet down.
And that one. at a minimum.
- Are you serious?
- Yeah.
Look. they're in there
and they're spreading.
First generation. best I can tell.
but if you don't get rid of them now.
you're gonna have colonies
behind every wall in here.
And you'll never get rid of them.
When can you start?
I can have a crew
here in a couple of days.
- Thanks for the ride. Barney.
- My pleasure.
Hey!
Coop.
Come to Nick's tonight.
Come on. You could
stand to have a little fun.
It's been over a year. Maybe
it's time to let this one go.
He slept with my wife.
That's true. but it's a
little reductive. isn't it?
Look. I'm not saying Nick didn't fuck up.
He fucked up. She fucked up.
But maybe you fucked up too. right?
A little bit?
Marriages are complicated.
So you're saying it's my fault?
I'm saying it doesn't
matter whose fault it is.
We're all gonna be here
for the foreseeable future.
Do yourself a favor and get over it.
Would you?
I would pretend to.
Well. I got my kids tonight. so...
Okay. Fair enough.
I'll see you later. Barney.
See you. Coop.
My god. She's so sweet.
Esti? She's a little demon.
She looks like an angel.
That's how she gets you.
She's an evil genius.
Hey. Andy. Your friend is here.
Hello. Coop.
What are you doing here?
I was in the neighborhood.
- In this neighborhood?
- Figured I'd stop by.
See if you still wanted to do business.
Well. I am going to hit the shower
and leave you to your business.
It was so nice to meet you. lu.
You too. Ali.
Break a leg tonight.
Thank you.
Nice girl. your sister.
What are you doing in my house?
I came for the watch.
Thought you said you couldn't move it.
I had to be sure you weren't a cop.
So I looked into you.
You looked into me?
Rich guy loses his big
job with his big hedge fund.
Suddenly has big liquidity problems.
You could have sold your Maserati.
but what would the neighbors think
if Andrew Cooper was
suddenly driving a c-class?
So. the Princeton finance
superstar turns to petty crime.
You have no idea what
you're talking about.
The Richard Mille watch.
It isn't yours. but it came
from this neighborhood.
Bradley sperling.
Couple of streets over from here.
It took me one phone call to trace
the serial number on the watch.
find out who bought
it and where they live.
Nothing so dangerous as someone
who doesn't know what they don't know.
Am I right?
But what you do know
is I know where you live.
I know where your family lives.
Are you threatening me?
Don't think of it as a threat.
It's more of a contract really.
that says if you get caught you
won't talk about your new friend. lu.
And if you do. there will be penalties.
Honor among thieves.
I'm not a thief.
I don't know what you are yet.
I think maybe you don't either.
Now why don't you go get that watch?
I can't talk to you.
Why do you keep
sending me to voicemail?
It's more polite than hanging up on you.
- Is it?
- Which I'm gonna do now.
Jack's gonna ask you to
come to his office tomorrow.
He's gonna tell you I hired massey.
Shit. Coop.
Jack fucked me. Liv. You know he did.
Massey will drag me into it.
My name will be in the papers.
I'm not gonna let that happen.
but you will be deposed.
I'll be the whore in the story.
- Jack's gonna tell you to lie.
- And you're telling me not to.
I'm asking you to do what's right.
He took everything from me. Liv.
And now you're gonna do that to me.
This isn't about you.
Yeah. the hell it isn't.
I'm hanging up now.
Liv. Ple...
God. Fuck.
- Hi. guys.
- Hey. dad.
- How was school?
Same old. same old.
- Smells good.
- Yeah. I'm making pasta.
I'm going out with Jake.
I thought I texted you.
No. you...
You did. Okay.
I just came to drop my stuff off.
She's taking me to Scott's so we
can squeeze in a quick sound check.
Who's Scott?
McGregor.
We're playing at a party later tonight.
You don't remember?
Okay. Right. So no dinner?
- All right. Okay. let's go.
- I can eat leftovers later.
Hold on.
When are you guys
planning on coming home?
By 11:00 or 12:00.
Yeah. same.
You know you both
have school tomorrow?
That's true.
We do. Yeah. he's right.
Solid parenting. dad.
Come on.
Jesus.
Hey.
I didn't know you were still here.
What are you doing?
Sit down. Have a drink.
Watch Belgium's finest.
Can't. I got a gig.
Again?
Don't act so surprised.
Well. I'll get cleaned up.
I'll come listen.
You'll just kill the vibe
and make me nervous.
Okay.
Where are the kids?
Blowing me off.
I'm sorry. Andy.
- I wish I could stay. but...
- hey. I'm fine.
Please. Do your thing.
I hate to leave you like this.
Like what?
I've got pasta. scotch.
Jean-Claude Van damme.
It's very exciting.
Okay. Well. I'll see you later.
- Bye!
- Bye.
Bye.
- Break a leg.
- Thank you.
- You look very nice.
- Thank you very much.
- Hey.
House is empty. You wanna come over?
I can't. I've got that self-defense thing.
Jesus. You too?
A woman's gotta know how to fight back.
Against who exactly?
No idea.
- but I'll be ready when they come.
- Sam. wait up.
Hey. I gotta go.
- Call me later?
- Yeah.
Everyone I knew was out that night
and lately it seemed that loneliness
was all it took to turn a
bad idea into a good one.
Fuck it.
- Hey.
- So you saw it. right?
- Did you go?
- Yeah. I did.
- Hi.
- Hey.
- Hey. girls.
- Great turnout.
- Thank you. Who knew?
I think they like the excuse
to come in and steal
your decorating ideas.
Place looks great. by the way.
Really? I was thinking
about doing a refresh.
Whatever.
Those are pot
brownies. I'd wait till later.
Are they gluten-free?
- Obviously.
- Well. okay then.
Okay. ladies!
Who wants to get raped?
That is the right answer.
So put down your canapés
and let's get serious.
All the wives were at Maggie
and Suzanne's for drunken kung fu.
and the husbands were
all getting loaded at Nick's.
which meant I had my
choice of empty houses.
Back when Mel and I were married.
we never said no to a dinner
invitation from the resnicks.
Dom was a professional chef and
the meals were always first-rate.
Front door open.
Secure.
Kat resnick was one of the most
sought-after criminal defense attorneys
in Manhattan.
At two grand an hour. she was supposed
to be a real shark in the courtroom.
She was also supposed
to be out for the evening.
And that...
That was not dom.
The kid was Blake farkas.
a year ahead of Tori and.
from what I could recall.
dating Kat's daughter. Alyssa.
Domaine d'auvenay
chevalier-montrachet grand cru.
2013 vintage.
The brainchild of lalou bize-Leroy.
aka the queen of burgundy.
A pioneer in bio dynamic wine making.
she was known to treat
her vines in Saint-Roman
as living beings with
their own personalities.
This was the exact
sort of curated horseshit
that pretentious oenophiles love.
and let's face it. are there
any unpretentious oenophiles?
Which is why they're more than
happy to fork out 32 grand a bottle for it.
At that price point. maybe
tonight wasn't a total loss.
As long as I could find a way out of here.
My god.
Coop.
- Yes.
- Coop. where the hell are you?
Out.
Everyone's at Nick's.
You gotta come over.
We talked about this.
Yeah. but that was when I was sober.
Like. just... come on.
What are you gonna do?
You're gonna go home and throw yourself
another pity party in your empty house?
I'm depressed just thinking about it.
Look. just come over for me. okay?
Come over. Come...
There is no way in hell
I am coming over there.
- Mr. Cooper.
- Elena.
Surprised to see me?
Yes.
Sorry. I mean... no.
I didn't know you were coming.
They're downstairs.
Great. Thanks.
Twenty-two.
Get one of these now.
Because once this baby
hits the market. it'll be too late.
I shit you not.
I'm telling you. this is tomorrow's toilet.
It's eco-friendly. will
take your temperature.
check your levels and clean your
ass and balls every time you go.
Yeah. you too. Jules.
It's got Bluetooth and Wi-Fi.
so you can play your music.
And it can e-mail urine test
results right to your doctor.
So the government can
spy on your piss and shit.
I got nothing to hide.
Okay. fine. I do.
I partnered with luxos mt.
These are going retail for 30 grand
and I'm in for 20%
without spending a dime.
I'm telling you. man. this...
This is gonna be my
George foreman grill.
For that price. it'd better cook your meat.
And give you head.
Kat's not doing that for you?
- Hey.
- My god.
Look at this group of
degenerate. gambling idiots.
- Wow.
- Hey.
- Hey. Coop.
- Coop!
- What's up. man?
- You made it.
Wow. It means a lot that you're here.
- Really.
- Let's not make a big deal about it.
Yeah. No.
Wow. Grand cru.
- That's a nice bottle.
- It's all right.
I'll open it up at the
bar to let it breathe.
- All right.
- Yeah.
Glad you came.
Captain kirk's toilet?
This is a nice development.
It's about time you listened
to me and let this shit go.
I'm not letting anything go.
That fucking guy took my wife. I'm
not letting him take my friends too.
- That's the spirit.
- Jesus.
How drunk are you?
Well. let's see.
I am seven figures over
budget on our renovation.
my in-laws are moving
to the us to be closer to us.
and my largest. most profitable client
threw a hand grenade into his career
and won't pay his bills.
So. pretty fucking drunk.
Question is. why are you not?
You make a good point.
The fuck is this?
Your life is in danger.
- Right.
- Right?
- Yes.
- Right.
So...
- Break! You strike the throat.
- Okay.
- It's a one. two. You got it?
- Yep.
- Yes.
- You. up here.
- Me?
- Yeah. come on.
Mel! Mel!
You got it.
Do it! Come on. Choke her.
Okay.
No. I'm not laughing. Come on.
- You... - Right. Okay.
- Break.
Break. Sorry.
- Okay.
- Knee.
And strike?
Harder! Do it again!
- Sorry. Is this okay?
- Come on!
Like you mean it.
All right. Now. she is gonna take
away everything you care about.
Everything you love!
Now. what are you gonna do?
Hunter!
Yo. hunter!
- Yeah?
- Come here!
Yeah. This is hunter.
He's our drummer.
He's a madman.
- You gotta hear his grooves.
- What school do you go to?
- What?
Mayfield. Same as you.
Really? Sorry.
It's okay.
I'm a grade below you anyway.
I'll have to keep an eye out for you.
Mushrooms.
You want?
No. I'm good.
It'll fuck up my drumming.
Or it'll take you to the next level.
Fuck it. All right.
Come on. It'll be cool.
I've gotta introduce you to this
guy that I buy from in Scotland.
He uses these reclaimed Sherry
barrels to build his own casks.
Gives it this sweetness
and mahogany tones.
Guy's an artist.
Those Sherry casks
make all the difference.
Out here. scotch was
like a fucking religion.
Every time someone poured you a drink.
they'd have to give a fucking
Ted talk about the scotch.
Then someone else
would inevitably chime in
about some great bottle they once
had that you couldn't get anymore
and blah. blah. blah.
I think at some point it just started
to dawn on everyone that this was it.
These houses. these wives. these jobs.
This would be the sum total of their lives.
Their futures are already written.
And so the quest to stave
off the emptiness began.
Scotch. cigars. smoked meats.
custom golf clubs. high-end escorts.
Entire industries built to cash
in on the quiet desperation
of rich. middle-aged men.
Coop.
Did I hear you left Bailey Russell?
Yeah. I've been developing my own
thing with this family office out of Dubai.
That's a big move.
Congrats. Coop.
Yeah. Thanks.
You investing it yet?
I'm doing a lot of mezzanine work lately.
- We should talk.
- Yeah. we're still papering the deal.
What about my investments at Bailey?
Should I be getting out?
- I would.
- No.
No.
Let's go!
You don't know how you move me
deconstruct me and
consume me I'm all used up
I'm out of luck I am starstruck
but something in your eyes
that is keeping my hope alive
but I'm sick of myself when I look at you
something so beautiful and true
in a world that's ugly and a lie
it's hard to even want to try
and I'm beginning to think...
Hunter. what the fuck. dude?
- Come on. Harder.
- Me?
Yes. harder!
You.
What is that? No. That's a rape.
You're raped! It's not funny.
You. You're killed. You're dead.
You're dead!
Forward a bit. Come on!
That is bullshit. You're
hitting like a victim.
Is that what you are? Are you a victim?
- No.
- No? Why are you smiling?
Do it! Hit it! Come on!
Better. Yes!
Yes!
Yes.
I caress all the pain keep it deep inside.
I can grasp all the same
but I need some time
if the grass grows
greener on the other side
if you want. I'll be waiting
but I need some time
give me two more days I love you
hey.
That was really great.
Thanks.
Can I buy you a drink?
I drink for free.
It's kind of part of the deal.
Okay. Well. can I buy myself a
drink and keep you company?
I'm Tom. by the way.
You seem like a good guy. Tom.
and with exceptional shoulders.
but I'm gonna level with you.
- I'm a bad bet.
- That's cool.
I know where all the exits are.
Hang on.
Hey. kid. What's up? How you do...
Wait. No. Wait. Slow down.
Slow down.
Where are you?
Hey. man. You know where hunter is?
Who?
Don't do drugs.
Come on. man. I gotta pee. What's up?
Hunter! It's me. Ali.
Hey. man.
You got room for one more?
This is fancy.
So what did you take?
A stem and a cap.
Wow.
You still tripping?
That depends. Are
we sitting in a bathtub?
Nobody ever sees me. you know.
I don't know why.
I guess that's just how I am.
I've gotten used to it.
But today. with the
band. they finally saw me.
And it felt good.
And then I blew it.
I get it.
I have been there.
I'm still there.
I kind of live there actually.
We're a lot alike when it comes to that.
We're afraid to be seen. but it
doesn't mean we don't wanna be.
Or need to be.
Maybe that's why we're musicians.
- It's a chance to be seen.
- Yo. I gotta piss!
I will cut a bitch!
- Fuck off!
- Come on.
Hurry up!
Anyway. in this particular case.
I don't think you have
to worry about anything
because whatever happened out there.
those kids are so damn stoned.
they won't remember it tomorrow.
- You think so?
- Yeah.
You ready to go home?
- Okay.
Well. you're gonna have to get up first.
because I'm gonna need your
help getting out of this thing.
I would never hire a
housekeeper that good-looking.
I mean. Nick's gotta be banging her.
- I would.
- Yeah. I know you would.
Would she?
Touché.
That's some serious hardware.
Check it out.
There you go.
Look at that baby.
You can hold it. You just
can't put it on your finger.
Why not?
Because you didn't win a fucking
championship now. did you. Peter?
Damn. Paul.
- She's something else.
- She's not bad?
Yeah. That's nice.
She was just a waitress
at one of your restaurants?
It's always good to have a bull pen.
What about you. dom?
All those young waitresses?
Chef must get first pick.
Come on.
- Not worth the fallout.
- No?
Kat and I have got
something pretty great.
I really need to get divorced.
Hey. how's that going
with Sam. by the way?
You guys gonna be able
to avoid a whole legal thing?
Not likely.
She's bitter and jealous
and greedy as fuck.
That bitch is trying to clean me out.
I made her a generous offer.
but her bullshit attorneys convinced
her she deserves a bigger slice of the pie.
Tell you what. she's not gonna get it.
Jesus. Paul. Give it a rest.
What's your problem. Coop?
She's the mother of your children.
Why you gotta talk like that?
I guess we're just built different.
Nick there is fucking the
mother of your children.
and you brought him
a fancy bottle of wine.
- Paul. take it down a notch.
- Just keep it civil.
That chiseling whore
is trying to clean me out.
Well. gee. Paul. I don't know.
If Sam let your fat ass fuck her
with that tiny. sad. little dick of yours.
- maybe she deserves it.
- Motherfucker!
Fucker!
I'll fucking kill you. I fucking will. guy.
And you'll fucking...
- Break it off!
- I'll fucking kill you.
Yo. chill.
Okay.
Okay. everyone. now it's a party.
Know what?
A thousand bucks to
anyone who can score on me.
- Yeah.
- Yeah. Who's feeling lucky?
Me!
Yeah. Let's go downstairs.
Come on. man. Come on.
Denied. Access denied.
Not today. motherfucker.
- That's what I'm talking about.
- Not ever. Not in my house.
All right. Who's next? Any takers?
Jerry. Jerry. Jerry!
Jerry? Okay. Enough of that.
Jerry. you played d-i didn't you?
- Sure did.
- Okay.
- Hope you brought your a game.
- All right.
Hundred bucks on Jerry. 10-to-1.
- Who's got me?
- I'll take that action.
Man.
- Come on. Jerry.
- Here we go.
- My god!
- Come on.
You gonna post me up here?
Is that the plan? You think
this is a pick-up game at the y?
Give me that. Rookies.
Come on. Nick.
Give me that.
Give me that. Jerry.
Yeah. I play defense too.
- It's what the people want.
- Jerry! Come on. Jerry!
It's what the people want.
Jerry!
- Shit. Fuck. Goddamn it.
- No.
- Shit.
- I'm sorry. Jerry.
Hold on. Let me just check it.
What the fuck?
That is a bone.
Hey. call 911.
- This is bad.
- You're gonna walk it off. man.
- Fuck!
- Shit. I'm sorry. Jerry.
- Damn it.
- It's all right.
- I hate seeing shit like this.
- Don't touch it.
I can handle Paul fucking
someone half his age.
I mean. it's shitty and
cliché and pathetic.
but he's enough of a narcissist
to believe some young thing
pretending to be attracted to him.
But it's the recklessness of it.
I mean. that's what pisses me off.
I'm just lucky he didn't give me herpes.
The waitress has herpes?
No. I have no idea.
I'm just saying. theoretically.
Theoretical herpes.
And anyone can see
this girl is just a band-aid.
I mean. one day soon he's gonna
wake up and he's gonna look in the mirror
and then he's gonna realize that
whatever his damage is. it's still there.
And also after cheating on
me. god knows how many times.
he's lawyering up as if I'm the one
who committed the crime. I mean.
I guess I have it easier with Coop.
Well. yeah. It's not really the same.
I mean. you're the Paul
in your equation. right?
- What?
- No. I'm sorry.
I'm not trying to say
that you're like Paul.
I just meant that you're
the one who had the affair.
I mean. not that I'm judging you.
I mean. far from it.
- I'm gonna stop talking now.
- My god. I'm Paul.
- No. you're not Paul.
- No. You're right.
- I didn't mean that.
- I am the one who cheated.
But that was after years... years...
Of just trying to get Coop
to pay attention to us.
To me.
But no matter what I tried. the
chasm between us got wider and wider
and. at a certain point.
there was nothing I could do.
So you fucked one of his best friends.
- I'm sorry.
- Wow.
- I'm sorry. It's the brownies.
- Sam.
It's the brownies.
It's not because I beat
the shit out of you just now?
What? My god. That is so cute
that that's what you think happened.
- That's really delusional.
- If they hadn't stopped me.
- I would've pushed you through that wall.
- You're so crazy.
I could kick your tight.
little Ivy league ass
- so fucking fast...
- Look at this.
- You kidding me? What?
- Look at my guns.
- Look at what? What guns?
- Look at my guns. bitch.
- That is... there's nothing.
- See here. Look at this.
- Look at it. Feel it.
- Okay. Hold on. Let me feel it.
Is this? Can I just do this?
- My god. Hey.
- Yeah. Okay. Mel.
- What the fuck are you doing?
- Yeah. take that.
Can you just...
No.
Come on.
- Tap out. God.
- That's not how tapping out works.
My god.
I started disappearing.
Becoming like one small part of his life
instead of the thing that mattered most.
It was like he only had so much space
in him. and I just wanted too much of it.
I don't think Coop has that space in him.
Maybe he did once. but not anymore.
You have a lot of pent-up aggression.
You really need to get laid soon.
Yeah. I know.
All right. I gotta go.
Yeah. Me too.
Do you wanna talk
about the bag of cash?
Nope.
Do you ever look at something
you've been staring at for so long...
But you suddenly realize you
stopped seeing it a long time ago?
What are we talking about?
My life.
Shit.
Fuck. Barney.
I am so sorry.
That's a prototype.
I am so...
If you're in the market for metaphors...
Look no further than a man
vomiting into a $30.000 toilet
that isn't connected to any plumbing.
Though. once you get
into a certain frame of mind.
everything in this town
is a fucking metaphor.
which can make it really hard to
figure out what. if anything. is real.
Have a good day.
Hey. hunter.
Hey. you.
Hey.
I stopped by your house.
Saw Ali. She said you'd be out here.
She's living with you now?
Yeah. She's going through some stuff.
I didn't want her to be alone.
It's a lot to take on.
Well. I'm all she has.
She has me too. Coop.
I hope you know that.
Nick says you're not at Bailey anymore?
Yeah. I'm starting with a
new fund out of the uae.
Less oversight. better upside.
Just like that?
It's time for a change.
You were at Bailey for a long time.
Yeah. well. you were with
me for a long time. weren't you?
Okay. Coop.
Don't worry. You'll get your checks.
Fuck you.
What do you want from me?
What? Tell me.
You've just become impossible to talk to.
Yet. here you are. still trying to do it.
I've been thinking about getting
a professional coach for Tori.
It's about a thousand a week.
Just wanted to run it by you.
I am her coach. and she
works here with Eddie.
- She's doing fine.
- I know.
- I'm talking about a professional.
- One of Nick's guys?
This isn't about Nick. This
is about what's best for Tori.
The next few months are critical.
and you know how badly she
wants a chance to play for Princeton.
- She doesn't need a professional coach.
- Because of us
at the very least. she needs
someone who shows up.
- I show up.
- No. Coop.
- You come around just enough...
- Fuck.
- To convince yourself that you do.
- Not again with this bullshit.
We're not having this
conversation again and again.
It's one thing for you
to not show up for me.
but you damn well
better show up for her.
- You understand?
- Anything else?
You got a lot of watches
here. Mr. Sperling.
Why would a thief take only the one?
That one alone is worth 225 grand.
So. the thief didn't want to be greedy?
The fact that the other watches are here
makes me wonder if
you might've misplaced it.
Who misplaces a watch that expensive?
I don't know. Maybe the
same person who buys one?
What?
- You got a picture of that watch?
- Yes.
And ownership papers. I'll be right back.
You got a beef with this guy?
Just trying to help him find his watch.
You think we're actually gonna find it?
I don't know. but we're
gonna make it a priority.
- Really?
- No. Not really.
The paper clip. now
wired to the battery pack.
will act as a tensioner.
Now. keep your tensioner
slotted in position.
Only a centimeter in.
Don't force it.
The rake may as well be a pinprick.
Now. gonna introduce our voltage.
Voilà. And if that doesn't
work. there's always brute force.
My shrink would've had a field day
unpacking the fact that I was stealing
from the guy who slept with my wife.
But I didn't have a shrink.
What I did have was a YouTube tutorial.
Nick's championship ring.
and the notion that. all things considered.
I was getting pretty good at this.
Or not.